DOC-2044: Added TINY-9849 to the release notes. (#2756)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Invalid markup in Notification and Dialog close buttons.
//#TINY-9849

> In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified in the close buttons where invalid markup was present. Specifically, a div element was being used within the buttons, which violated HTML standards. This caused problems when running Tiny's HTML code through markup checkers, resulting in the generation of errors.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the markup was fixed by replacing the div element with a `<span>` element, aligning it with proper HTML guidelines. As a result, the updated close buttons now pass HTML markup checkers without any errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified in the close buttons: invalid markup was present. Specifically, a div element was being used within the buttons. This violates HTML standards and caused problems when running {productname} HTML through markup checkers: the checker, correctly, threw errors.

In {productname} 6.5, the markup was fixed by replacing the div element with a `<span>` element, aligning it with HTML guidelines. As a result, the updated close buttons now pass HTML markup checkers without throwing errors.
```

Copy edits.
